The simplified version of the data capture board has two controls
and a single LED display.

The controls are power switch, and record switch.

Normal operation sequence:

 1. Record switch off.
 2. Turn power switch on.
 3. Idle: LED on solid for 0.5 seconds, then a .1 second blink every second.
 4. To start recording turn on record switch.
 5. Recording: LED changes state every 4KB written to MMC.
 6. To stop recording, turn off record switch.
 7: Idle: LED blink: .1 second on / 5 seconds off.
 8: Power off to remove memory card.

Errors:

There are two classes of error conditions.  Operator errors
and internal errors.  Most of the internal errors are communication
problems with the MMC card.

Most errors are blinked out on the LED.  The error blink pattern is:
2 seconds off
1 second on
1 second off
error code, count the number of blinks.  Each blink is .25 on / .25 off.

Error codes:
	0: not used
	1: Record switch found on at power up.
	2: Record switch turned on while in terminal idle state.
	3: not used
	4: various internal errors are at 4 or higher.  See code.

If the LED is solid on, then either the controller hung with the
LED in the ON state or the software hit an unrecoverable abort state.
The abort code should be present on pin 0.

Abort conditions are
	unknown high priority interrupt
	unknown log priority interrupt
	unexpected chip reset (any reset other than power on)


*** File format ***

Each record is 2 16-bit integers.

The high order 12 bits of each integer are the sample data for
the two channels.

In the first word, bits 1-3 are the file number.  This is a number
in the range [1-7] that is incremented each time the recorder
runs.

In the first word bit 0 is the "lost data" bit. This bit is set if
one or more samples was lost due to ring-buffer overruns.

In the second word bit 3 is a digital channel, currently sampling
the ignition.  Bits 1 and 2 are available for use by future digital
samples.  Currently they are always zero.

In the second word bit 0 is always 1.

End of file is a record that is all zeros (invalid).
